chore: BUN-2587 improve setup docs (#27)
bigcommerce/b2b-buyer-portal: README.md

4. Copy environment variables: `cp apps/storefront/.env-example apps/storefront/.env`.
5. Update the following values in `.env`:

- `VITE_ASSETS_ABSOLUTE_PATH`(Optional): For custom host, set this if you want to host by yourself the compiled assets after your run `yarn build`command. ie. https://my.custom.cdn/generated/b2b/assets

>   It will point to the absolute path where will be hosted

Author: Thanks for your suggestion!

  window.B3 = {
    setting: {
      store_hash: '{{settings.store_hash}}',

>       channel_id: <your-channel-id>>, // override this depending on your store channel id, you can check this on Channel Manager -> select the desired channel, and the url will show: https://store-<storehash>.mybigcommerce.com/manage/channel/<your-channel-id>/overview

Author: Interesting, I tried this before and it didn't work, but I tried again and seems that is working now, I'll update the PR

### Common issues:

> - **Stencil CLI** Currently we're working to bring full support to integrate buyer portal into that tool, there are issues on loging out and cart management, if you find other problems feel free to open an issue report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Stencil CLI** Currently we're working to bring full support to integrate buyer portal into [stencil-cli](https://developer.bigcommerce.com/docs/storefront/stencil), there are issues on logging out and cart management, if you find other problems feel free to open an issue report.
```
